Miss Jiang
Please come to our division for a re-examination at 10 am tomorrow
Okay
Take the job
Plus those part-time jobs I do
It's much easier to save up for surgery for my younger brother
Hello, I'm Jiang Wanyi who came for an interview today.
It's You
It's just the two of us here.
Are you going to pretend you don't know my ex-husband?
Did you say that?
We are just college classmates
Here I come
Tell people
You are my vanity
The ex-wife who borrowed money to cover up?
Why did you come back alone?
Xiao Yi is tired of playing with you
I don't want you anymore.
You think too much
I am very good with Xiao Yi
It's just that he's been a little busy lately
So I thought alone
Are you crazy?
I can't negotiate this job.
Zhao Wan
It's not seven years ago now.
The Jiang family has fallen
If you dare to provoke me
The entire river city
No one dares to comment on you
What do I say now?
What are you going to do?
What do you want me to do?
Don't you go with whoever gives you money?
Now I'll give you money.
How about being my lover?
Wenwen, I can give you the best life possible
Why don't you believe me?
As long as I stayed in this arms
Is the last thing I can do for him